For the function draw_diamond, one thing I did not do was annotate the function. In the solution, it is noted that the height is an integer, the '#' is a string, and ' ' is a string and the function returns nothing (because it prints the results). In the function I made, I only had height as an input. As in the solution, I first checked if the height was even and then reduced the diameter. In the solution, the height was reduced by 1 if the height was even. In the solution, two for loops and an if statement was utilized to break between the top half of the diamond and the bottom as well as to determine if there should be a double middle. In my code, I used a for statement, an if statement, and an else statement to accomplish this task. I think the solutions way was more straight forward, however when I was doing the code my goal was to only use one print statement.

For the draw_right_triangle, I also did not specify the types of inputs going into the function. I only had the height as an input and should have marked the function as an input of an integer returning nothing (because we were printing). In my function I just did a for loop and printed lines with '#'. In the solution, the spaces were also calculated. Rather than using spaces, I just moved on to the next line. This would be fine if I wanted to draw a right triangle with the hypotenuse on the right but if I wanted to flip the triangle it would be more useful to calculate those spaces. also in my for loop I used range(height +1), but in the solutionthe +1 was not needed because of the calculations inside of the for loop. This would be more beneficial because the +1 is just another calculation the computer has to run.

The compount_interest function I coded was almost the same as the solution guide. I also did not specify that the amount and rate were floats, the time was an integer, and the function returned a float. The only other key difference was the equation used in the for loop. I factored out the equation, while the solution kept the equation factored.

The draw_hollow_square function, I again did not specify the variables and the type of return from the function and I only had two inputs the size and thickness. I should have specified that these were integers as well as included the string inputs '#' and ' '. This function also returns nothing as we are printing our picture. This was the function I struggled the hardest coding. In my solution, I calculated the size of the edges and center before I went into a for loop with an if and else statement. In the solution posted, the lines with a hollow center was calculated before the loop began. I see how this can be a more strategic way because the calculations are not inside of the loop. I also used an 'and' statement in my if statement, while the solution used an 'or' statement. I think the solutions if statement was better constructed because the calculations of the lines before the loop and because of the construction of the if statement.